Boundary Docs (#2925)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/boundary/v1.0.x/content/docs/targets/configuration/manage-suffix.mdx

# Manage alias suffixes

> You can edit or delete existing Boundary alias suffixes at any time. Editing a suffix doesn't affect aliases that already use the old value — only new aliases pick up the change — while deleting a suffix requires first removing any aliases that depend on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can edit or delete existing Boundary alias suffixes at any time. Editing a suffix doesn't affect aliases that already use the old value, only new aliases pick up the change. To delete an alias, you must first remove any aliases that depend on it.
```

       -alias-suffix org1
   ```

>    The output confirms the update (verify against a live run):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Example output:
```

       -id o_1234567890 \
   ```

>    The output confirms the removal (verify against a live run):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Example output:
```
